Yeah, it kind of depends. It depends on where you're looking for a future
job. So, you know, there are some areas where having a PhD from
a certain institution really really matters and, you know, or it's gonna
look impressive on your your CV or something like that. And so
that might increase your chances of getting a position. Um, I think
that honestly, the most important thing is who you were, who you worked
with and what kind of work you did. Um, And mainly because this
is where you're going to establish your network. You know, doing doing
the work is where you're going to meet other people who are doing
that same kind of work or similar work, or at least working in a similar
area. And this is the basis of your network. And so when you go
to find a job in this area, these are the people who are gonna know
who's hiring or who were going to be at companies that you're interested
in working for eso. In that sense, I think that the you know,
the work you dio and the people that you meet while you're doing that
work are going to be much more important for your future career than
you know the school where you happen to be doing that work.